welcome back to another part of our news
mypos we play walkthrough yeah we're
sure to look at the camera or three hi I
shot him oh my gosh when did you get a
gun I so thought that that's not what
wasn't but wasn't that I didn't think
that was going to happen hey hey need
someone's help getting up there oh that
works first year for there's actually
pretty early into the level actually
supposed to jump off the path hang on
hey wait can I do that super skills
limit you can do i do want minimum hey
how us was that now i don't do the super
skills that's something we do off camera
are you gotta be kidding me that's okay
okay what thanks a lot you your step
look whoa wait geez man get the flash
cool off Luke I can't get up and I'm not
gonna bubble so clean thank you and I
guess lights yes there are so many
matches there's an invisible and they
don't hit this blog invisible right
there in well guys don't don't act like
I'm invisible because I'm certainly am
NOT I'll look for you then you go look
well I must say you need a mini much to
get this dark one and also need it if
you want to die I don't even look like
I'm there once a 1-1 I hid behind a
flower with a mini mac and it's funny
any of this even though it's much easier
to control I'm sure it fits overall it's
better to have a penguin tube for
swimming I kind of like kind of so used
to the old toy mechanic that it's kind
of hard for me to adapt in his notes 10
mechanic hey hey hey hey look where we
don't activate done stop we're gonna
stand on blue you're trying to kill me
aren't you
let you hold me oh I heard it was like
nevermind hey hey you is it for you hey
hey wait you want me to hear you I'm
great at this I love it noise created a
long time I let you in okay so Jim no
quarrel jumped over him oh great bloop
you need to bubble up somewhere else cuz
you're right in the way overdue go
thanks how was pretty cool hey we're
only do this in like three minutes that
was cool oh yeah to be the likes of our
this'll be this is we're gonna have this
this is our this is the end of our
recording session for today we probably
be doing this for like tomorrow or next
day yeah we gonna love you stay we
didn't I would see what we want to yeah
we did too far and it was great and guys
right make sure to check out my water
warfare videos yeah do you need to
comment and subscribe yeah I'm a 10-6
back make sure no no comment rate and
subscribe you don't need to view because
it's their viewing this then the you
know what I'm done explaining stuff to
you for what is it what if they don't do
eat any of them yeah yeah yeah whatever
hi guys yeah we'll see you guys next
video sorry about the camera thing bye